whether I turn out to be the hero of my
own story whether that station will be
held by anybody else these moments my
show my boyhood days seem now like a
scarcely believable fiction is full of
Wonders and this is our statement to go
wherever we choose well I'm not down
there
creditors make that road impossible to
taylors and most unreasonable muffin
metal top of you mama is ill family she
very oh very ill Ferriero i real
dangerously and she's dead we're very
sorry I'm David Copperfield I'm your
nephew you're the only family I have
what do we do with them I'm you I'm
washing don't you freeze up remarkable
woman we're kind you add nothing then
you aren't something and now you got
nothing again so stands to right you
left something again
he was very is there something wrong
with me no I apologize for my rudeness
think nothing of it sir he speaks very
well it was actually me my Romeo do some
work you know what I want my
straitjacket a husband
feels like a party haha
this narrative is far more than mere
fiction
it is in fact written memorable
you have quite the ride on the way
[Music]